10.0 Final Run-Through Feedback (#4483)
cypress-io/cypress-documentation: content/guides/getting-started/devs-vs-users.md

---
title: Who Are You Testing For?
---

When testing components, there are two kinds of users: End Users and Developers.

> A good component test covers End User concerns (finding and interacting with

Reviewer: Not sure if this sentence messed with anyone else, but here's a potential alternative suggestion to reduce the complexity of the concerns of End Users and Developers all being within a single sentence:
```suggestion
A good component test covers the concerns of both End Users and Developers. End Users care about finding and interacting with elements based on accessible queries and human-readable text. In contrast, Developers care about a component's signature and potential "output" when used with other components.
```

Reviewer: Thinking about this a bit more, given that the next two paragraphs touch on the concerns of each kind of user, this content feels redundant. Perhaps the opening paragraph could just be:
```suggestion
When testing components, you should first realize that you have TWO kinds of users: End Users and Developers. A good component test covers the concerns of each of these types of users. For some examples of common concerns differentiating these users and a recommendation regarding your test audience, keep reading!
```

### Developer Concerns

Developers care about the API of the component. They want to make sure that if
they exercise the component in a particular way, with certain props, it'll
behave the way they expect it to. A test written for a developer provides
coverage over the component's usage and signature.

> Component testing written with developers in mind heavily covers props, events, and children.

Author: This change is a suggestion to make the sentence framework-agnostic. Events and children are generic terms for any framework
